Jen Stout
DEV119-01
01/30/2016
Month In Review - Long Version



All things must come to an end and that include this class for now. I have learned many things over the course of this class about personal branding. I came into this class thinking we would just be making a portfolio or setting up one for the months to come. Boy was I wrong It has been so much more. I have had to reflect upon myself and what I thought I might be at this point in my life and were I would like to be in the years to come. I was taught a very difficult lesson at the end of week one with the unexpected passing of my older sister, Tanya. I had worked hard the first week and even got a bit ahead in case of an emergency and to also make time for my family to meet for wedding planning that weekend. The lesson I learned was prepare for the worst, because when it happens it will give you no warning or consideration to what you were working on at that time. I was quick to communicate with my teacher and asked for a bit of understanding during this difficult time. She was amazing in her responses and understanding. All of that being said I did fall behind with all of the grieving, planning for a visitation and funeral, and making it something Tanya would have been proud of. I knew I did not want to stay behind on homework or take advantage of the kindness that was shown to me. 
As I worked towards catching up at the end of week two it was my goal to go into week three with most of what I had fallen behind on caught on. I was successful on that! I caught up and went into week three with confidence. I noticed that I had pushed though the hardest point in my short twenty-six years so far. I did not let my sadness and personal obligations pull me down and make me quit. Instead I used them to fuel what I wanted to accomplish. I even found myself relating a few of the assignments back to teach me to how to turn a bad situation into a positive motivation for the future to come. Don’t get me wrong I have my good days and my bad days, but I do not let them get me down for too long before I start to work hard again. 
Week four was a huge step into getting back to normal. I felt less sad this week and more focused on school and going back to work after being off for two weeks with family. I was completing assignment with confidence like I did not have before I started this class. I found that my strongest personal brand trait would have to be perseverance. No matter what I have been through in my life I have always been able to pick up the pieces, mold it to help me become a better person, designer, and now developer. I have also seen just useful the Project & Portfolio classes will be in the months to come at Full Sail. I knew going into these two classes that I wanted to do well and gain a wealth of knowledge, but I learned that I need to have the sturdiest strongest foundation I could possible build. I also needed to be honest with myself on what I was lacking in and what I could improve upon. It was through these two traits, perseverance and honesty, that I have succeeded in my book no matter what I have gained and grown a
