Jen Stout
01/21/2015
DEV119-01
WK 3: Call to Action – Encouragement

Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. –Charles Swindoll
At the start of the project and portfolio class we talked about inspirational quotes and poems, and I realized that I did not really have one. Instead I used people around me as inspiration to help me learn how to get through the rough patches, and how to enjoy the great times. The quote I have chosen for this assignment was the result of copious amounts of searching through different website and top lists of quotes. The finial quote was chosen after weeding through a list I scribbled down quotes while researching. This particular quote was found on Forbes’ “Top 100 Inspirational Quotes list”. 
If you want to understand why I chose this quote you should know a few things about me. Some of the things I am about to write about might be upsetting to most people, but I promise I use each of these as an opportunity to help others and bring awareness to each event. I have been diagnosed with a few different incurable diseases and disorders along with having a number of family troubles. I was beaten as a child by my father who left scars both mentally and physically along my back and legs for the world to see. I have since forgiven him after he sought help for his troubles. I have been diagnosed with Endometriosis (age 17, which I am not stage 4, the most advanced stage), Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (age 17, as a result of mono), Fibromyalgia (age 21), Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (age 21, after a traumatic car accident, which also caused the Fibromyalgia), and Poly Cystic Ovarian Syndrome (age 22). As you can tell I am in no shortage of bad news or difficult situations to live through. While medications, seventeen surgeries, and counseling have helped me understand and deal with each situation ultimately it was how I chose to react to the situation. I did not let myself lay in bed for long and cry and complain about everything. I chose to stand up and become proactive about my unique situation. 
The biggest hit life has handed me what the loss of my older sister just thirteen days ago. I have not lost many people around me and I always considered myself lucky. It was a tragic and peaceful accident took her far too soon at the age of 34. Yet again I stood up while being sad and angry all at the same time and I help to put together a puzzle that would make her proud. I am still putting the puzzle together by helping my mom with estate, which will be my first go at something this massive. I hope this helps people to understand how important your reaction to a life event good or bad is because I could have given up a long time ago but I have fought way too hard to go down easily.

Kruse, K. (2013, May/June). Top 100 Inspirational Quotes. Retrieved January 20, 2016, from http://www.forbes.com/sites/kevinkruse/2013/05/28/inspirational-quotes/#2715e4857a0b6c94eabd6697
