Jen Stout
DEV119-01
01/30/2016
Month In Review



All things must come to an end and that include this class for now. I have learned many things over the course of this class about personal branding. I came into this class thinking we would just be making a portfolio or setting up one for the months to come. Boy was I wrong It has been so much more. I have had to reflect upon myself and what I thought I might be at this point in my life and were I would like to be in the years to come. I found that my strongest personal brand trait would have to be perseverance. No matter what I have been through in my life I have always been able to pick up the pieces, mold it to help me become a better person, designer, and now developer. I have also seen just useful the Project & Portfolio classes will be in the months to come at Full Sail. I knew going into these two classes that I wanted to do well and gain a wealth of knowledge, but I learned that I need to have the sturdiest strongest foundation I could possible build. I also needed to be honest with myself on what I was lacking in and what I could improve upon. It was through these two traits, perseverance and honesty, that I have succeeded in my book no matter what I have gained and grown as much as I can in this month.
Throughout the week I worked hard to do independent research for a mobile application I had. I needed to look into the legality for using proprietary property and when close is too close. That being said I decided to wait to do most of that heavy lifting until a later date, but still keep it in mind for the next few months. I then moved on to how to make out a concept game or mobile application to future investor. I found a couple of different text books in the Full Sail library, which would give me a good idea of how video games were mapped out and utilized the same principles on a smaller scale. I also did not realize just how much I would lose by not coding this month. I thought I would be fine with just a bit of time off. Boy was I wrong. I started to review notes and code which I worked on in SDI. Doing this I think will give me a good start going into the next data infrastructures class. 
