Jen Stout
01/17/16
DEV119-01
Wk 2: Project and Portfolio

	At the beginning of this week I was a little overwhelmed again, but this time not because of the amount of assignments but because of the task I had ahead of me. How would I possibly fit a visitation and a funeral in with family time and of course all of the school work I had to complete? It was through planning and persistence along with the support and understanding of my teacher Robin Alarcon. I truly could not have done all of this week with all of the daunting tasks which were required this week without her support and trust. Another plus I had going in my favor would be most of the tasks were repeated from last week in a similar manner, so I had a good understanding of how to complete the tasks. While they may have differed slightly the main objection and execution was the same, so that helped. 
	Recalling my mission statement was easy because of my naming method used just a few months ago. I also save all of my assignments in a “Drop Box” folder in the cloud for easier access in case I need it outside of my normal working environment or I have a computer issue. Technology is nice, but it is not always dependable like would like it to be. I will attach the updated mission statement along with my updated time estimation sheet in the drag and drop box. One item I missed out on this week with my schedule having unexpected events to attend is I did not get to interact with my peers as much as I would have liked to. I hope I get to change this in the upcoming week, because I really enjoy their constructive criticism and support.  
	I will be working hard tonight (Sunday January 17th) and tomorrow to catch up in the Career Module class so that by Tuesday I can be in phase three like I would have hoped to be this week. It is very important to me to keep up to date with this class so I can go on to have a solid foundation for future Portfolio & Project classes and Career Module Classes throughout my time at Full Sail University. It is my belief the building is only as strong as its foundation. A weak foundation will only lead to a toppled over building eventually. 
https://github.com/Jenstout89/Stout_Jen_Portfolio.git
