Jen Stout
01/10/2015
DEV119-01
WK 1: Project & Portfolio

Week in Review

	At the beginning of the week, the work seemed to be overwhelming, but after looking at each assignment and making a prority list, it made it much easier to manage. I first went through all of the assignments, which I knew were ungraded, but recognized would help me complete the graded assignments to their fullest. While I worked my way well ahead throughout the week I found out why I always like to plan for the unexpected, because with the loss of my sister on Friday working on homework has been harder than I can imagine. I learned a lot about how to be a leader and plan out assignments and projects, which believe it or not played a big role on giving me the guts to help sort my sisters estate out when others could not imagine the task. I hope in the upcoming months that I can get back on task and become the same student which made my sister proud of me. 
	
	I found it gratifiying to help a few students by sharing my method for working through the many assignment. I have tried to make the overwhelming list of items seem more manageable by printing all items out so I would always have them on me. Then I use lunch time at work and down time at home to sort through all assignments. I also liked that I opened people up to Lego’s re-found success and how they were involved in the Lego movie production. Many seemed to be unaware of Lego’s direct involment with the film.  It is encouraging to get positive feedback on my posts. I also enjoy being able to ask a question of the instructor and get a meaningful and timely response. Most importantly, I appreciate the kind words and understanding of my teacher who just met me. I know my sister would not have let me give up so easily, so I am going to work hard in the upcoming weeks to make her proud and not give up on my dream just because she could not be here to enjoy it with me. I will not use her as a crutch or take advantage of the kindness shown to me.

  I feel like the work this week has helped me learned to break work down into managable pieces. I also became familiar with GitHub and am learning more about how to use it and how it might be helpful in project management. Prior to the unexpected happening, I was well ahead and even planned things to do during the weeked as a reward. I think I have learned a great deal this week and hope that I can keep up the highest standards I have set for myself. I plan to keep going no matter what and my big goal is to reach a 4.0. I am almost there.
  
https://github.com/Jenstout89/Stout_Jen_Portfolio.git

